---
title: My Set-Up
date: 2020-11-28
description: What I use to work
tags:
    - tech
draft: true
---

Ever since COVID hit the US, I've been working from home, and it's been a silent encouragement to flesh out my at-home technical set-up. As it was a fantastic learning opportunity to try new things, I was game!

I've settled on an at-home Server/Client situation to:
1. stretch my classic-server muscles and try something new
2. play with little NUCs and laptops all over my house, holding constistent state across the files I'm editing on my server

## Client
I have two primary devices I use at home: a 2017 ChromeOS Pixelbook and an ASUS NUC.

The Pixelbook was purchased as a toy to experiment with when I'd found it on firesale at BestBuy. I've since become a major fan of the basic UI and web-first experience. That said, there are some short-comings with the OS which drive me crazy; (no built-in, basic text editor, Android/Linux-Container USB device sharing is subpar, ...). This may deserve its own post in the future.

The NUC was purchased with the intent of being a work computer; one global pandemic later, and it's now operating as a satellite to my at-home sever.

## Server
I'm running [UnRAID][unraid] on a custom build machine to operate as my NAS, workstation, hobby-station, gaming PC, media-server, and DNS server.

It's currently outfitted as follows:
- ASUS Prime X570-Pro
- AMD Ryzen 7 3900X
- 3x 8TB Seagate Ironwolf
- 1x 1TB Samsung 860 EVO
- 1x 1TB Samsung 970 EVO
- Gigabyte GTX 1660 Super
- ZOTAC GT 710

I use it to run 15-20 Docker Containers and 2 Windows VMs; my most frequently used containers here are [Code-Server][codeserver] and [Plex][plex].

[unraid]: https://unraid.net/
[codeserver]: https://github.com/cdr/code-server
[plex]: http://plex.tv/